---
title: Version 1.16
sidebar:
  order: -16
---

## v1.16.0

### Breaking Changes

* Changes Docker network IP subnet allocation

  * Changes it from [Dockers default](https://docs.docker.com/engine/network/#automatic-subnet-allocation) address pools which provision `/16` subnets by default to a set range that provisions `/24` subnets.

  * This is to allow many more Docker networks on the same host

### Required Steps

Technically not really required, but highly recommended to apply the new Docker network settings.

Please run the following commands in order to implement the above Docker network change:

```bash
cd /opt/hms-docker
sudo docker compose down
sudo docker compose up -d
```

If it says any networks were not removed because they are still in use, you will need to remove any other containers that are using the network and try again.

These commands will bring down the Compose stack and then recreate the resources. This is required in order to use the new IP subnet ranges. Once items are created again, you can bring up the other containers that were using the shared network(s).

This will apply to ALL networks on the same Docker host.

### New Features

Unifi DNS record manager role:

* Manages DNS records in a Unifi Controller
* See the [DNS Docs](https://hmsdocker.dev/docs/getting-started/dns/)

Settings Manager script:

* New python script to easily manage the yml file configs
* See the [Custom Scripts Docs](https://hmsdocker.dev/docs/services/custom-scripts/)

#### New containers

* n8n

* Dockhand

* Seerr

  * This is a merging of Overseerr and Jellyseerr, you can use your existing Jellyseerr data by following the below steps (Unsure of process with Overseerr):

    1. Enable Seerr in the container map and run playbook

    2. Stop both Seerr and Jellyseerr/Overseerr: `docker stop seerr jellyseerr`

    3. Remove newly created items in `/opt/hms-docker/apps/seerr/config` by running `sudo rm -rf /opt/hms-docker/apps/seerr/config/*`

    4. Copy existing Jellyseerr/Overseerr data to the Seerr directory by running `sudo cp -r /opt/hms-docker/apps/jellyseerr/config/* /opt/hms-docker/apps/seerr/config/`

    5. Update the copied files ownership by running `sudo chown -R 1234:1234 /opt/hms-docker/apps/seerr/config/*`, replace `1234` with your specific UID/GID if you are not using the default

    6. Start Seerr with `docker start seerr`

    7. Validate that data looks correct

    8. Update Cloudflare Tunnel (if enabled)

    9. Disable Jellyseerr/Overseerr in container map

    10. Run playbook

### Other changes

* Removes DNS settings for Transmission container

* Removes the unused network `media_net`

* Changes how the GPU role is implemented now that more control over the Docker `daemon.json` config file is implemented for the network and logging changes outlined above.

* Adds default Docker logging configuration
